Now as I've been explaining typically static Nat is used when you have servers so where one is a serve
as an example that needs to be accessible from the outside or internet it's not just to make sure that
we cover the topics in the CCN.
I want to show you that Rato one is able to ping router three when static net has been configured on
Ratatouille.
So show run piping clewed that we can see the static NAT translation here.
So we are translating 10 1 1 1 2 8 1 1 5 show IP net to translations.
Notice there is our static NAT translation we are not netting the outside local and outside global in
the static Nat let's do a debug.
So debug IP Nat and what I'll do now is our telnet to 8:1 want to
the telnet connection is disconnected because I need a password on the site.
But what I'd like to see is the source IP address 10:11 was not 2 8 1 1 5.
That's the inside global address.
The destination of the traffic is 8 1 1 2.
We had a reply back from 8 1 1 to 2 destination 8 1 1 5 which is then translated to 10 1 1 1 so traffic
from a 1 2 3 is having the source address translated and then the return traffic has the destination
address translated.
We are doing source address translation of this IP address all enable telnet on the site.
So they enable the lines on this router
and enable a enable password so we still running a debug show debug shows me my that debugging is enabled
and I'll telnet from a 1 to rotisserie again.
You can see the net translations taking place again source to destination.
I'll log in
and let's into one character.
E.
You can see for the character e the source was translated from 10 1 1 1 2 8 1 1 5 going to a destination
of 8 1 1 2 reply came back and some of the traffic was returned.
So an acknowledgement to rotisserie type an we get to the same kind of translation hit enter same kind
of translation is taking place.
So for every character that I enter in the tunnel its session next translations are taking place with
10:11 being translated to 8 1 1 5 for traffic going from inside to outside and then 8 1 1 5 is being
translated back to 10 1 1 1 4 traffic from the outside to the inside.